samples: matter: Align changes in all samples to sysbuild (#15686)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/lock/README.rst

This option is available only when building for the nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield attached.
To prepare an application to use this feature, you need to create additional MCUboot partitions.
To learn how to configure MCUboot partitions, see the :ref:`nrf70_fw_patch_update_adding_partitions` guide.

> To enable this feature for Matter, set the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE`, and :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_PACKAGE_WIFI_FW_PATCH` Kconfig options to ``y`` for the application (in the application :file:`prj.conf`) and the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_UPDATEABLE_IMAGES` Kconfig option to ``3`` for the MCUBoot child image (in its own :file:`prj.conf`).

Reviewer: this goes in the sysbuild config, not the application config

.. matter_door_lock_sample_nrf70_firmware_patch_end

For example:

   .. code-block:: console

>       west build -b nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -p -- -Dlock_SHIELD=nrf7002ek -Dmultiprotocol_rpmsg_SHIELD=nrf7002ek_coex -DFILE_SUFFIX=thread_wifi_switched -DSB_CONFIG_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE=y -DSB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_UPDATEABLE_IMAGES=3 -DCONFIG_CHIP_DFU_OVER_BT_SMP=y -DSB_CONFIG_WIFI_NRF700X=y -DSB_CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_PACKAGE_WIFI_FW_PATCH=y

Reviewer 2: It's a side question, so don't treat it as comment to your PR. I can see there are a lot of magic SB_ configs that we have to add in some cases, e.g. for the mcuboot, factory data or OTA, a now for enabling EK I think? What is the rule here? How the user is going to know that in some scenarios he has to add something to sysbuild and it others this is not required.

Author: Discussed f2f let's leave it as it is and if there are problems we will add more instructions there.

To disable factory data support, set the following Kconfig options to ``n``:

   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_FACTORY_DATA`
   * :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MATTER_FACTORY_DATA_GENERATE`

To learn more about factory data, read the :doc:`matter:nrfconnect_factory_data_configuration` page in the Matter documentation.

.. important::

>     If you modify any of the factory data-related Kconfig option you need to build a Matter sample with the pristine option to clear the CMake cache or clear the cache manually.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If you modify any of the factory data-related Kconfig options, you need to either build the sample with the pristine option to clear the CMake cache or clear the cache manually.
```
